README.rst, before:



.. image:: https://github.com/tostenzel/hypermodern-screening/workflows/Tests/badge.svg
  :target: https://github.com/tostenzel/hypermodern-screening/actions

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/tostenzel/hypermodern-screening/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
  :target: https://codecov.io/gh/tostenzel/hypermodern-screening

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/hypermodern-screening/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://hypermodern-screening.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest



The ``hypermodern-screening`` package provides tools for efficient global sensitivity analyses based on elementary effects. Its unique feature is the possibility to compute these effects for models with correlated input parameters. The underlying conceptual approach is developed by Stenzel (2020). The fundamental idea comes from Ge and Menendez (2017). It is the combination of inverse transform sampling with an intelligent juggling of parameter positions in the input vector to create different dependency hierarchies. The package does also include a variety of sampling methods.

The name ``hypermodern-screening`` is inspired by the brilliant series of blog articles about cutting-edge tools for python development by Claudio Jolowicz in 2020. He calls his guide "Hypermodern Python". [*]_ Its corner stones are ``poetry`` for packaging and dependency management and ``nox`` for automated testing. Another recommendation is rigorous typing. The repository framework widely follows the blog series.


.. [*] Claudio, in turn, was inspired by the chess book "Die hypermoderne Schachpartie" (1925) by Savielly Tartakower.

Commit message:

Readme, now all commits in one. (#3)
* check out first changes

* correctin

* correction

* corrections and pic-n

* better spacing

* better spacing

* better spacing

* enumerations

* enumerations

* references

* no table for footnotes

* no table for footnotes

* no table for footnotes

* no table for footnotes

* no table for footnotes

* no table for footnotes

* no table for footnotes

* no table for footnotes

* hyperlink

* hyperlink

* horizontal line

* horizontal line

* horizontal line

* References header

* References header

* formatting

* formatting

* CI badge

* CI badge

* tiny formatting

* tiny formatting

* installation command

* read docs

* read docs

* read docs

* delete blank row

* delete blank row

README.rst, after:



.. image:: https://github.com/tostenzel/hypermodern-screening/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg
  :target: https://github.com/tostenzel/hypermodern-screening/actions

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/tostenzel/hypermodern-screening/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
  :target: https://codecov.io/gh/tostenzel/hypermodern-screening

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/hypermodern-screening/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://hypermodern-screening.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest


|
The ``hypermodern-screening`` package provides tools for efficient global sensitivity analyses based on elementary effects. Its unique feature is the option to compute these effects for models with correlated input parameters. The underlying conceptual approach is developed by Stenzel (2020). The fundamental idea comes from Ge and Menendez (2017). It is the combination of inverse transform sampling with an intelligent juggling of parameter positions in the input vector to create different dependency hierarchies. The package does also include a variety of sampling methods.

The name ``hypermodern-screening`` is inspired by the brilliant series of `blog <https://cjolowicz.github.io/posts/>`_ articles about cutting-edge tools for python development by Claudio Jolowicz in 2020. He calls his guide "Hypermodern Python"*. Its corner stones are ``poetry`` for packaging and dependency management and ``nox`` for automated testing. Another recommendation is rigorous typing. The repository framework widely follows the blog series.

Read the documentation `here <https://hypermodern-screening.readthedocs.io>`_ and install ``hypermodern-screening`` from PyPI with

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install hypermodern_screening


.. image:: albert_robida_1883.jpg
   :width: 40pt


References
~~~~~~~~~~

    Stenzel, T (2020): `Uncertainty Quantification for an Eckstein-Keane-Wolpin model with
    correlated input parameters <https://github.com/tostenzel/thesis-projects-tostenzel/blob/master/latex/main.pdf>`_.
    *Master's thesis, University of Bonn*.

    Ge, Q. and M. Menendez (2017). `Extending morris method for qualitative global sensitivity
    analysis of models with dependent inputs <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ress.2017.01.010>`_. *Reliability Engineering & System Safety 100(162)*,
    28-39.

|

-----

*: Claudio, in turn, was inspired by the chess book "Die hypermoderne Schachpartie" (1925) by Savielly Tartakower.
